
************* This is the DScaler FAQ log 



It contains, and kept in cvs repository, all updates made to the *MASTER ENGLISH VERSION* off the FAQ.

Every translated version should be upated according to, AND ONLY FROM, this log and the english FAQ.

I repeat ; any update should be done first on the MASTER version which is the english one.

The "last update" comment is added to any FAQ version on the site as soon as it's modified and committed into cvs.
Use this info to check what are the changes that you still haven't reported on the version you maintain.

Please add your name to your updates.

Any questions regarding the FAQ should go to me, Yvonus. Use AVSForum to contact me.


--8<----------------

15/9 Yvonus
. removed the individual algorithms description, linking to the Help file now (no need to translate any more)
. putting back the link to DScaler's export group for Girder
. adding SnapStream PVS to the alternative for recording video.
. adding the calibration feature with link to the online Help files


Just for sync, latest updates not originally written in here ;
. Update of the "download" .. link to the Sourceforge repository with alpha/beta builds
. Added the "Can I redistribute/Bundling Dscaler with my machine"
. added the "Can I record video to my hard disc".. part



7/9 John
- Added EFF donation link
- Updated History
- Some grammer changes

5/9 John
- Merged in changes from developers version of file
- Changed links so that the text can simply be copied to the help file
- Ran HTML through HTML tidy

30/08 Yvonus
. Added the "Troubleshooting>What is the crashlog.txt file ?"
. Added the "Where can I download DScaler ?" (Attention ; the link is an absolute one to dscaler.org/dl .. just in case the page
would be mirrored on another site of if provided as a file)
. Changing the "Who made what ?" by "History of DScaler"


30/7 Yvonus
. Corrected glitch due to "dumb" search and replace of dTV occurences.. ended up as as "Dscaler is the old name
for Dscaler" :-) Renamed the "what is Dscaler" in "what is dTV"
. Added the "what is dTV" part in the French version
. Broken (internal to the site) link to the "Thanks" and "Authors"

4/6 again .. Yvonus
. Renamed part "Can I use more than one video card" => ".. more than one video input"
. Added in this part something about cards with multiples connectors (1 or 2 composite, 1 Svhs)
. In the "OS" part, changed the link for the linux port "contact us" linking to "#HELP" anchor
. Removed "Depiste a very powerful .." and include into "picture jumps + dropped frames"

4/6 Yvonus
. Remaining dTV changed into DSCaler (with the 2 first letters in capital)
. Broken link on Screenshots
. Broken link on Girder site
. Updated "Can I use any vga card.." ; YUY2 -> YUV2
. Broken link on Zoltrix Genie TV
. Broken link on supported cards
. Update "Can I use more than one ..". The Leadtek card now shown as outdated product. Link to AVS
topic updated (now in archives)
. Broken link on one AVS thread "Macrovision side effect"
. In "Overlay update". Removal of the info that the bug has disappeared, it's still there :-(
Removed also the avs topic because it's too outdated


22/5
. (JA) Updated Introduction
. (JA) Updated OS
. (JA) Updated Alogithms
. (JA) Added Record video?
. (JA) Updated capture card
. (JA) Updated more than one
. (JA) Updated How can I help
. (JA) Other adjustments

8/2 Yvonus
. Adding description of deinterlace modes "Video deinterlace (2 frames)","Simple bob", "Scaler bob", "Adaptative deinterlace" and "* fields only"
. Update of "Simple weave","Video deinterlace (weave)" and "Video deinterlace (bob)"
. Removing "interpolated bob"
. Updated the "operating system" part with "ring-0" notes on each OS

4/2 Yvonus
. Removed the verbose "who made what" section that was difficult to keep up to date
with the web site. Now replaced with links to authors and thanks files on the site
. Remove the "deprecated" note on the ppm format issue and replace by a simpler "in old version, dTV ..."
. Added in "software" the "my picture jumps+dropped frames"
. Replaced the older "despite a very powerful system.." with the new "I get some dropped frames"
. Updated the "overlay" thing with the Mpact specific note
. Updated the "testing" part with a link to avs. remove the link to the unused bugs list on Sourceforge

25/1
. (JA) Corrected Video deinterlacing modes comments
. (JA) Corrected OS section

24/1 Yvonus
. Description of "Blended clip updated"
. Added description of "Greedy deinterlace"

21/1 Yvonus
. Added Michael Eskin in the developer's list
. The "what are ppm files" section has been updated and shown as
"deprecated" as we're not outputting TIFF files
. Removed the "dTV export group" in the "Can I remote control dTV" as I now
think that export groups are quite difficult to maintain. A lot less easier
then Pronto's CCF files :-)
. Updated the G400 to G4x0 in "Can I use any vga card..."
. Update the "overlay update" ; removed the "has disappeared since version
xxx" as we're still getting such errors
. Added the whole section "What are all those deinterlace algorithms ?"
submitted by Muljadi Budiman and slighly updated by myself (changed the 2:2
pulldown part). Developers please check out the part you're related to.
. Added a part to "Can I use more than one video input" suggesting usage of
an a/v receiver to switch between multiple video inputs
. Added "how much dvd costs ?"
